there's  a well research in depth hardening
article  about every one's last
the
the  organization
direct  action everywhere
in  focussed magazine
and  i think this article raises some really important really meaningful questions about the past
present
as  a movement about ethical and political questions the
but  i think the journalist
a  step in the wrong direction
trying  to construe wayne
a  charismatic
one  thing is not carried
really
really  he is not carried that's one part of the problem but the other thing is
when  you engage with these issues in that way
create  this defensive reaction
well  how do you define a colt who are you going to call leader
in  what way is he
like  a calm which was
it's  kind of counter productive
ultimately  direct action everywhere will never resemble a
even  as much
catholicism  judaism or
just  me
in  order disloyalty oenothera
it's  just mellowed
i  admit though there is a
all  activity you know what may be is the music that's the
switch  up the sound track if we put the same clip to different music it won't look like
a  colt adulterations
like  almost all the demonstrations
were  done by other people
we  are not part of leaders
and  what not who had
in  most cases i had no knowledge of
my  focus in contrast to
but  the article in berkeley said
not  been on doing protests and
people  all those things are things that
my  focus has been on investigate
ordinary  people the right to know where there met
that  will continue in
this  an old time love
the  day when he came on came
and  claimed that he does not now and never had
supported  disruption
as  a mode of activism
claimed  that those tactics
those  demonstrations that the ex does
regards  them as counterproductive that's now what he's about politically at all
while  there are no depths to which this man won't
and  i just i don't think it's even that he's running for
wen  i think you're a liar i think your person of absolutely
zero  moral integrity who will tell any lie in any given
moment
any  given context here's a fifty five minute long video
why  disrupt by wine and in which he explains his philosophical
political  reasons for exactly why he supports exactly these types of demonstrations
and  yes they certainly do include screaming at people they certificut
interrupting  people's meals and restaurants and oh yet did you miss the memo they also include
going  to prison here's here's a video of him recruiting a young good looking female
to  go spend years of life in prison any case you didn't know wayne is right now facing
charges  that could that could result in him spending
i  mean the
he
a  loiterest and
people  all those things are things that i think
i  mean the basket
the
he
overthere  outside of fools
more
a  lot of them
nellie
mentally  disabled they could do anything with their
change  and culture
anyways  that could make the world the better place
for
the  way to change the world
highway
all
goes  by as people drive their cars to pick up their laundry pick up the dry cleaning
good
for
in  the
meet
to  one out on a beast pole
interrupt  the game perhaps and so much of people who don't care
second  they get exposed to the concept that meets
it  or whatever it is that
tie
what
i
he
you  can't get a
the
he
there's  a
should  we be surprised that wayne young is now trying to distance himself from
formal  political positions now that he
standing  for election as
and  i just want to mention very
he  does
he  really does
pathetic
and  the year
any  election
going  to be a role
who  knows for a local election who knows just how few to
wine  does of
he  couldn't really do well i will not take that away from him and i watched the debate that wayne
participated  and between that and no i am not going to say that wayne is
peter  then the other candidate he might be more diligent he might be more bostonian he might be a
better  man than the two other candidates were had wan i am not going to insult and
delegate  to that but we i am going to say your god damned
that  you
disruption  that you don't support circuit you didn't pull in huge numbers of
young  people to ruining their lives or at least learning a few months of their lives by
doing  this inane horsewhip over the top emotional history one in the middle of the
pole  restaurant that are then more lived forever on you tube as reconcileable
we  go who who supported disruption as a motive activism
more  than wings yoost a chicken restaurant and she wants everybody be here that what their eating
are  murdered people in her name every time eliminate
amen
and  she just one too now you want to say and you run from me that you never supported
this  that you don't wear that what you what you support is just investigative journalism showing people
what's  going on inside the sowar you in protest
people  all those things are things that i think
i  to expose
look  you know it would be a huge difference in wanstead said that in the past
he  did
but  now he realized that people like me were right along when we criticize
them  and now that he is aware of the critique offered by this channel but sure wan you could come up and say that in the past
you  creephole to do but now you see the arrows that would be a very different thing
but  it is
as  you saw a front there's the four million dollar quest
quote  into thousand seventeen donors attributed forty seven thousand dollars and
but  donations increased ten fold to those
and  acorn
the  ex raised for no one with thousand and three seven and contribution
and  earn another any one thousand six aranselar from program revenue however
whenever  you look at the axe they always have multiple incorporated entities
a  global is not the same as do america there's a bit of a
shell  game
you've  got to be very careful
tell
although  organist
friends  of the
the  seed has raised even more money since two thousand fifteen donors have contributed more than four point
two  million dollars to the non profit
in  doors gave friends of de only forty thousand four and thirty two dollars
it  went up to one point seven million into thousands
one  point two million in two thousand
well  the organization does not name its donors one person can to contribute more than half a million
dollars  and another gave hundred four thousand so yes the point is there may be a small number
of  very wealthy
book  of
moti  million
now  very briefly
as
where  did he let money go
has  no paid
a  friend of
a  number of fellowships to dixie's most
ardent  active
three
three  quarters of a million
recent  years according to its nine
a  million dollars just
go  very far these days i go i want to say again
the  busher stops on social
this  article claims that they have about two hundred supporters
two  hundred porters imprecation that's not a very impressive
number
just  look at the number of views wyandots on you tube for these lectures
it  really does not seem credible
even  had
formerly  on dollars can buy you a whole lot of friends by your whole lot influence a whole
lot  of
but  in the case of direct action air for what they're doing is so despicable that
for  million dollars has not even bought them one thousand friends or even one hundred
people  who are interested to listen to wayne's lectures as he now is running for mayor
of  berkley if you have two hundred supporters you should probably have at least
people  watching those envious because each one of these supporters
his  friends and family they share the link with and the excited in their part of our campaign
come  on brow if you're pulling under it
video  on
he
a  sign it's a sign of just how weak and shallow
a  cudgel of over four million dollars in those years and again
we've  already heard this bit of a show game here that's only the budget from one
several  in
a  million dollars can buy you a whole lot of friends
case  of direct action
they
why  do they have
the  case continued her conical
the  recipients many of whom have lived at one time in the group home on
did  are also decease
johnson  free only are cast
some  of these names might be familiar to us from
but  no here the very last sent
over  the years
to
confess
he
i  more than four million dollars be collected and
and  you're telling me only ten to twenty people benefited from
and  the total number of people involved in berkeley is may be generously estimated
to  be two hundred nobodies with wrong with us louise all dotted
the  fine success in different ways we all out of the
in  different ways i know academics with ph d who write articles
for  them it's a big success that article
the  renting that virginie credibly manistogee have a conference
some  kind of academic topic and if
people  were just in the
he
circulate  copies
sing  of the
to  different libraries in the world say wow that as
the  standards for success and the definition a failure will differ from one
content
but  in the case of the rise and fall of wanton it is not quite possible
that  is going to spend many years in
and  i have to question just how much or how little
when  in two thousand
right  now
he  had beaten